welcome son Lawson games amaura we're
doing vanellope von schweetz a little
adventure I'm gonna call a challenge I
feel these cool challenges that would
make that just seems to see where they
are we're gonna get gold medal so we're
gonna finish this race in under three
minutes and 45 seconds so I believe we
can do this we will probably make some
mistakes along the way now you get these
Swit parts here of the top I recommend
taking the rap part because that seems
to be shorter I'll show you the left
part I will show you that you can
actually take that part and still get
gold because you're just that good a
driver even make mistakes even though we
had that weird load reload respawn thing
happen at the start and crash means that
I was crashing to the wall was going
this direction so I don't recommend it
just built it feels longer whether it
actually is I'm not sure but I'm pretty
sure that I've 80% certain that it is
slightly longer going that way so let's
keep on going get all these boos do
stuff do trick if you want to keep build
up your turbo just drift and do stunts
if you feel like it the tracks a bit
sloppy so it's kind of risky to do any
stunts and stuff just you know just
drive that's what we're doing who's
gonna drive I'm gonna win you're like
just almost four minutes to win a race
so I believe we can do this tracks
pretty easy it's kind of wide unless you
fall off I don't know what happens if
you fall off I assume if you fall off
you respawn well I would hope you to
respawn where you fall off but I would
these tracks I just don't know I don't
think you would I reckon you would
respawn to the closest for the track so
if you fall from the top to the very
bottom I reckon you be stuck at the
bottom I don't think you respawn at all
I think I'm just falling it stuck down
there
so I stay on the track that's my class
that's all advice right there
I'm gonna write a book as we cook it's
gonna be cold stay on the track one
sweets stay on the track because it's
such good advice I think it's gonna win
the Pulitzer Prize whatever that thing
is good fries
I think it's was cold it was not called
that and call it what it is actually
cold and that's what that book will win
sorry they go just rambling on here
winning a race like a boss most of the
time majority of the time with a majeure
any time let's say all the time not
perfect that doesn't matter because
we're gonna win because we're somewhat
awesome and I don't really know what to
tell you I don't think this is really
guide of all like I can't really guide
you I can suggest stuff I can show you
that it's possible to do but besides
that I can't really like say hey if you
do this and this you'll win it's more of
a hey view just drive good drive well
you win and get gold hopefully if not
just do it again drive a little better
and then do it again if you fail again
but I'm sure you'll nail it so we're
almost done we're getting close
we got like 30 seconds left it's on so
we can do it I believe in you Penelope
your little candy car I like the car I'm
found the car there's the car I choose
when I race now five minute race I would
take the nobody's car because all right
since Chris called Penelope's racer it's
cool you get that in the toy box so you
like having LP be playing an LP and wait
for a little chest up pop up and open it
and you'll get this maybe I think she
has like three so it can take some time
but when you get it is worth it it's
cool I'm a fan a movie was cool
come on right now Tuppy I believe in you
don't stuff up at the end that's
important you don't want to get to the
end of like do what I do and crash every
time every time I swear whenever my mom
raised as a last-lap I will always crash
at the end every time but who cares
we 1,002 hard was it
you